What's the good thing? We say we get along very well.
Read Duguan, this is a spiritual guide,
This one has hit me so hard,
What kind of level is it? Sheng Ling Tai Xiao Zhang,
Since I endured the trouble before the vice president came,
I think he respects the three psychology, right?
Saving one's soul, a plan that is easy to follow,
Is that what you want to do?
I couldn’t finish it because it was poor.
First use the water lesson to save your soul.
You said I cried to him, who saw it?
Did you see it? Or did you see it?
It was wrong to send him out of the customs.
But today I'm in trouble
The crown is Qiaoyang, there are some
Then why don't you tell me more about yourself?
Qiaoyang and his hands are not designed to attract teeth.
protect today
I won’t even meet Qiaoyang again.
Just give someone a clear financial responsibility and quality Qiaoyang
Are you going to sell yourself to a prostitute?
With these so-called gods who have little music function
You are more expensive now
I am a big man with ten and eight moves
I was wrong about Qiaoyang
Out of sight
We see that all of us have looked for your treasure for 10% of the usual amount. Okay.
With Wang Lun by my side and now
Give me a design in a moment
I'll go out
It’s not always him who arrives